now because I've been stunned by these
so many times before I know but if I get
stung again it's going to hurt a lot but
it's not actually gonna be dangerous to
me I'm not gonna have an allergic
reaction to them if I didn't know that I
wouldn't do what I'm about to try now
and I suggest that if you ever go
anywhere where there are but ants please
don't try this let's see if I can get
one of these little fellas when these
little fellas a huge what am I talking
about biggest ant in the world and see
if I can get one of these ants to walk
over my hand without biting me I'm very
nervous okay so I've now got the world's
most painful stinging insect on my hand
and I have to say I am very nervous
although I've been stung by this before
I can remember how badly it hurt but if
you look at it up close it really is one
of the most awesome creatures I mean
that an animal this size looking at
cleaning its antennae day isn't that
beautiful just running through his
mandibles keeping them clean as his
primary sensory mechanisms as he's
running along it is just extraordinary
that an animal of this size has a sting
that's powerful enough to incapacitate
an animal the size of me I mean think
how many times bigger I am in this ant
but one little sting is going to have me
absolutely crying on the floor and that
has to be one of the absolute miracles
of Mother Nature and you can probably
see I'm shaking a fair bit I reckon for
that alone the bullet ant has got to go
on a deadly 60
an animal this size that can make a huge
animal like me cry I didn't get stung